create skeleton java springboot app for accounts-filing-api (#2)
companieshouse/accounts-filing-api: README.md

> # account-filing-api

Reviewer: Still have account not accounts in the read me

> A service to manage user's account for all their filings.This application is written using the [Spring Boot](http://projects.spring.io/spring-boot/) Java framework.

Reviewer: I think I prefer the original text so something like this
```suggestion
A backend service allowing users to submit accounts in zip format. This application is written using the [Spring Boot](http://projects.spring.io/spring-boot/) Java framework.
```
